docs: Add new UIB guide for query dependencies (#2901)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/how-to-handle-queries-dependency.adoc

> = How to handle queries dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= How to handle query dependencies
```

> :page-aliases: applications:how-to-handle-queries-dependency.adoc

Reviewer 2: :page-aliases: is useless when the page is not an existing page

```suggestion
```

Author: I didn't add it initially, but it is required to handle the path (in pages/ui-builder), as it is done for other guides.

> :description: Learn how to handle dependencies between queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Learn how to handle dependencies between queries.
```

{description}

* Difficulty: intermediate
* Estimated time: 10 minutes

If your application needs to run several API calls and some of them depend on the result of others,
you may have issues with the order of execution of the API calls.

For example, if you want to get the list of users and display the manager of the first one in the list, you need to make two API calls:

* One to get the list of users

> * One to get the manager of the first user (so that take as parameter the manager id of the first user from the first API call)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* One to get the manager of the first user (which takes the manager ID of the first user from the first API call as a parameter)
```

Note: make sure the first user has a manager. If not, choose another user.

> Since you want to get these information on page load, you *may* have an issue if the second API call is executed *before* the first one is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you want to get this information on page load, you *may* have an issue if the second API call is executed *before* the first one is done.
```

To handle this kind of situation, let's do the following.

== 1. Create the API requests

Go to the `Queries` tab and create a first Bonita query that will fetch the users:

* `Name`: getUsers
* `Method`: GET
* `URL`: /bonita/API/identity/user
* `Params`:
    - `Key`: p
    - `Value`: 0
    - `Key`: c
    - `Value`: 20
* `Settings`:
    - `Run API on page load`: true

> From the `Settings` tav, enable the

Reviewer: Enable the? 😁 
+ typo at "tav"

Author: Unwanted paste here I guess... This sentence is to be removed

> Then, create a second Bonita query that will fetch the manager of the first user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a second Bonita query to fetch the manager of the first user:
```
